the Italian classic among the mineral
waters has long since moved beyond the
confines of upmarket restaurants more
and more now San Pellegrino is being
consumed on the go in single serve
containers the zero point five liter PT
bottle is booming reason enough the
Nestle owned company San Pellegrino to
install a high-speed PT bottling line
from Crone's rated at 60,000 0.5 liter
bottles an hour it started operation in
February 2012 for this line some
Pellegrino opted once again for Crohn's
as a single source vendor the 60,000 vp8
line starts with a canta form on a block
comprising a Conti form s 30 with a
canta feed unit for the preforms a
preformed interior cleaning feature and
the pet view system for preform and
container monitoring the Conti form is
directly synchronized with a model fill
VFS volumetric filler in a monoblock
configuration
the check match 7 1 3 FM hf then 1 it is
the film level using a high frequency
measurement when they've been filled the
PT containers are passed through a
container dryer after which they arrive
at the multi module leveler featuring
two cold glue stations and a can mattock
unit for hot melt wrap around labeling
the two cold glue stations apply firstly
a neck band and secondly a medallion
which is currently designed as a QR code
for smartphones the labeled containers
are then passed to to end of the line
Packers arranged in parallel a very Oh
pack pro FS for film wrapped shrink
packs and a very Oh pack pro PFS for
pads and film shrink wrapping
the layer pattern is then created by a
robo box unit
a robo grip for a loading robot
assembles the stacks on the pallets
after which these are transported to a
block type warehouse
the line is also equipped with a zip
system a Conti flow mixer and an LDS
line documentation system from Crone's
the installation of the entire line was
completed on schedule
you